feat: add missing questions (#57390)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lecture-working-with-css-grid/673226afcd33991dd751937a.md

## --answers--

The size of the grid container.

### --feedback--

Think about the properties that determine where grid items are placed within the rows and columns.

---

The alignment of the entire grid.

### --feedback--

Think about the properties that determine where grid items are placed within the rows and columns.

---

The horizontal and vertical placement of grid items.

---

The size of grid tracks.

### --feedback--

Think about the properties that determine where grid items are placed within the rows and columns.

## --video-solution--

3

## --text--

What determines the number of grid lines generated for rows and columns in a grid layout?

## --answers--

The `grid-gap` property.

### --feedback--

Look out for the properties that explicitly define the rows and columns.

---

The `grid-template-rows` and `grid-template-columns` properties.

---

The `grid-auto-rows` and `grid-auto-columns` properties.

### --feedback--

Look out for the properties that explicitly define the rows and columns.

---

The `grid-area` property.

### --feedback--

Look out for the properties that explicitly define the rows and columns.

## --video-solution--

2

## --text--

> How can you specify the grid item span across rows or columns in a grid layout?

Reviewer: Anything missing here, isn't it?
```suggestion
How can you specify the way grid items span across rows or columns in a grid layout?
```
